Add explanation of Perceptual Hashing parameters (#27)
YannickAlex07/imghash-rs: docs/perceptual.md

#### 1. Grayscaling & Resizing for DCT

The first step is to grayscale and resize the image to a given size. By default this size is 8 x 8 pixels.

> The size of the resized image is to determine the amount of detail that is captured in the hash.
> A larger size captures more detail while a smaller size will be "courser," i.e. less sensitive to
> fine changes in the image.

To get a better result we multiply the size by a given `factor`.
By default this factor is set to 4, meaning that we will rescale the image to 32 x 32 pixels before we compute the DCT.

> This factor is used to determine how much image details is discarded for hashing.
>
> For the default factor of 4, for example, 3/4 (or 75%) of high-frequency information is discarded,
> so the image hash is more robust against small, fine changes in the image.
>
> For a factor or 2, only 1/2 (or 50%) of high-frequency information is discarded, so the hash is more sensitive to fine changes.

> > 1/8 for a factor of 8, with the hash very resilient against fine changes, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1/8 for a factor of 8, will make the hash very resilient against fine changes, and so on.
```
